Someone come out quickly
Yeah.
I'm here to take you home
Kid, this is my Li daughter
Mentor's daughter-in-law
It's none of our business
She's my fiancee.
Jiang Kun is my wife
I'm in charge of his business
Boy, you dare to spoil my master and apprentice Sengoku
The English marriage of the only son
How dare you spare me for piercing the bow today?
Despise my masterpiece, have you ever thought about it?
It's not enough to kill you one more person
I'm going to kill your whole family
Let your whole family be in this world
Disappear, how much embalming did your son add?
It's almost drowned into meat by you
You are not afraid that your son will hate you
No wonder you have lost your descendants now
I want you dead.